Life Point U.s
==============
Lifepoint comes under healthcare domain.

They have a very vast business in america.
lifepoint client deals in all medical sectors in the america.

they have there insurance policies which is covered by more than 50 % of population in america.

we work for that client for the deployment of the applciation,we make sure that the application is always up and running.

whenever there will be a new release in the application,we will be taking a window for deployment from client that depends upon SLA(service level agreement)
made at the time of contract.

we support there application to be hosted in tomcat severs in aws cloud.

we make sure there are no problems facing by end user to access the application.
As a devops engineer my role is to deploy the application.
whenever there will be changes in code that changes will be pushed to github by developers.
when all the code is developed then it will be merged to master branch and from github it will be triggered to jenkins,we configure webhooks in git for
automatic triggering of code to jenkins.

once code is triggered to jenkins and the commited code is verified by some test cases in jenkins.
once this is done then we will build the jenkins job so that the code will be build and the war/jar file created will be pushed to nexus artifactory repository.

once this is done then with the help of ansible play book this war/jar file will be pulled from nexus and deployed in tomcat in aws cloud servers.

we will be maintainign jenkins pipelines,and a total of around aws 20 servers (t2.medium vcpu 2 cpu credits 24 memory 4 gb).

all these servers are in autoscaling group which will be from min 20 - max 30 servers,so that whenever there will be high traffic then servers will scale up and down.

i will be working on git like pushing the code to github.
creating the branches if neccessary for developers.
reverting the code if any changes made by developers where not deployed successfull.

in jenkins managing the plugins,maintainign jenkins pipeline,maintainign jenkins job,runnign the jenkins job.

In aws :creation of ec2 instances for developers as per need,maintainign s3 buckets,ebs volumes,taking backup of volumes,snapshots of instances,vpc,cidr blocks.

have idea on cloudfont,loadbalancing,ssl and many other services in aws.
